Stories for 4 different types of users, this will allow the members of the team to know the different requirements of the
different users and help for the sprints to come.

Story 1: Homebuyers

This type of user is a customer and therefore needs a user-friendly interface that is attractive to them. It should be
designed keeping in mind that this user is an average adult who has access to a computer. Therefore, it should be kept in
mind that this user's only intention is to look for homes and that the user should not have any software-related problems
as this is the type of user is the one that will be using most of the site, and their needs come first.

Some of the tools that will be provided to them are those that allow them to search for properties based on location, price
range, number of bedrooms, dimensions, time of listing, property year, property type (Condo, Single Family Homes, Duplexes,
etc.), and other user tools if needed.

The software will offer this user the ability to search for brokers, monthly payment calculators, and contacts to view 
properties or request a visit button. This type of user will not necessarily need an account to use the site, as there will be
a place where you can put your name, email, and phone number to be contacted by the broker to schedule a visit.
If user wants to have favourites properties in that case the creation will be needed.

Ultimately, this may change in the future, but these are the basic needs that the Homebuyers type of user will need on the
website. Therefore, this is the initial proposal with what the software for the user (Homebuyer) will start to be created.


Story 2: Property renters

The renter has similar needs to the homebuyer, must be able to search the different types of properties and have different 
filters than the homebuyer. He/she can request an appointment to view the property. If an account is created in the system 
this user will be able to have favorite properties, to be able to compare their different options. He will be able to search 
for brokers. But he will not have a mortgage calculator as he does not need this utility. So the important thing for this user, 
who is one of our main clients, is to have an easy to use interface and to provide all the basic functionalities to the user 
and help him find a property to rent. 



Story 3: System Administrator(s)

The system administrator needs to have access mainly to broker information and is able to accept or reject brokers, as well as 
information from other users in case there is a need for CRUD in their case. Therefore, he/she must have access to data that 
allows identifying the broker and verifying that it is indeed a trusted broker.  The database that will be used to give you 
access in this case is firebase. In this database you will be able to create, read, update and delete. Therefore, you must have 
privileged access to the system. In this case a friendly user interface is not really necessary, since the important thing is to 
allow the system administrator to solve problems within the system. We consider that this type of user has a higher degree of 
expertise in the software, so a friendly user interface is not necessary. However, this user should be chosen with care and his
 or her background should be checked, as he or she will have access to customer information.

Story 4: Real-State Brokers

