
LogIn page:
1. Create a input box of email and password. 
2. Create a button of Sign Up 
3. Create a button for buyers and one for brokers/sellers
4. Authenticate the user 
5. Bring the user to the home page 

Signup page: 

1. Create an input box for name, last name, phone number and email.
2. Create a selection box if user is a broker or a buyer. 
3. Authenticate the user using firebase 
4. Create a javascript function to keep track of the state of the user (broker/renter)  
4. Create the user in the firestore database each in different document object depending on its state. 





Search for properties: 

1. Create a search bar using frontend frameworks in our case, HTML and CSS. 
2. Add boutons for filter options, HTML and CSS. 
3. Use javascript and jquery to send the query containing the search request and the filters to firebase backedn cloud functions. 1 hour
4. Code cloud functions to filter and return only the requested filtered JSON objects. 
5. Display the properties that are returned by the server using javascript and jquery. 

Request visits for properties: 

1. Create a button for visit request and sends user to a new page. HTML and CSS. 
2. Create input boxes for the email, name and last name, phone number of the user. 
3. Create a button for confirmation and send the email to the broker of the property. 
4. Send a default email modifiying the contact information retrieving it from the database. 

CRUD for properties: 

1. Create a page where the broker can perform CRUD operations for his properties. 
2. Create a button for create a new property. 
3. Create input boxes for all information of the property including if it is a rental or a for sale. 
4. Create an edit and delete button for each property that he owns. 
5. Confirmation pop up if the user chooses to delete 
5. When the property is edited, update firestore. 
6. When the property is deleted, deleted form firestore. 

CRUD operations for brokers: 

1. Admin has a username and email and it is added in a document in firebase 
2. Authenticate and email matches the one in the firestore
3. Home page of admin displays all the pending broker applications 
4. Admin can click on the broker and can either approve or deny or edit application. 
5. Update database accordingly 



Save favourites: 

